FTP OPTIONS
     CURLOPT_FTPPORT
         Pass a pointer to a zero terminated string as parameter.
         It will be used to get the IP address to use for the ftp
         PORT  instruction. The PORT instruction tells the remote
         server to connect  to  our  specified  IP  address.  The
         string  may  be a plain IP address, a host name, an net-
         work interface name (under Unix) or just a '-' letter to
         let  the  library  use  your systems default IP address.
         Default FTP operations are passive, and thus  won't  use
         PORT.
 
     CURLOPT_QUOTE
         Pass  a pointer to a linked list of FTP commands to pass
         to the server prior to your ftp request.  This  will  be
         done  before  any  other  FTP  commands are issued (even
         before the CWD command). The linked  list  should  be  a
         fully  valid list of to append strings (commands) to the
         list,  and  clear  the  entire  list   afterwards   with
         curl_slist_free_all(3).  Disable this operation again by
         setting a NULL to this option.
 
     CURLOPT_POSTQUOTE
         Pass a pointer to a linked list of FTP commands to  pass
         to  the  server  after  your  ftp  transfer request. The
         linked list should be  a  fully  valid  list  of  struct
         curl_slist  structs  properly filled in as described for
         CURLOPT_QUOTE. Disable this operation again by setting a
         NULL to this option.
 
     CURLOPT_PREQUOTE
         Pass  a pointer to a linked list of FTP commands to pass
         to the server after the transfer type is set. The linked
         list  should  be a fully valid list of struct curl_slist
         structs  properly  filled  in  as  described  for   CUR-
         LOPT_QUOTE.  Disable  this  operation again by setting a
         NULL to this option.
 
     CURLOPT_FTPLISTONLY
         A non-zero parameter tells the library to just list  the
         names  of  an  ftp  directory,  instead  of doing a full
         directory listing that would include file  sizes,  dates
         etc.
 
         This causes an FTP NLST command to be sent.  Beware that
         some FTP servers list only files in  their  response  to
         NLST; they might not include subdirectories and symbolic
         links.
 
     CURLOPT_FTPAPPEND
         A non-zero parameter tells the library to append to  the
         remote file instead of overwrite it. This is only useful
         when uploading to a ftp site.
 
     CURLOPT_FTP_USE_EPSV
         Pass a long. If the value is non-zero, it tells curl  to
         use  the  EPSV  command when doing passive FTP downloads
         (which it always does by default). Using EPSV means that
         it will first attempt to use EPSV before using PASV, but
         if you pass FALSE (zero) to this option, it will not try
         using EPSV, only plain PASV

